Clearify what user-resizable means (#10)
explainers-by-googlers/additional-windowing-controls: README.md

*   `await window.setResizable(bool)` sets whether the window is user-resizable
*   `resizable` CSS media feature yields whether the window is user-resizable

> Windows that are not user-resizable prevent resizing by the user, i.e. keyboard shortcuts, a UI mouse interaction, or menus, but still allows resizing by WebAPI calls (e.g., `window.maximize()`, `element.requestFullscreen()`, or `window.resizeTo()`).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Windows that are not user-resizable prevent resizing by the user via keyboard shortcuts, mouse drag resize handles, window frame controls, and menus. Such windows do still allow resizing by Web APIs (e.g., `window.resizeTo()`, `window.maximize()`, and `element.requestFullscreen()`).
```
